Near 1758, Maratha Empire had reached till Afghan border in North. The only non defeated portion was Nizams in south .
The movie starts with the Nizam headquarter-Udgir fort being raided by Marathas. Sadashivrao Bhau, Raghunath Rao and Shamsher Bahadur were incharge of this battle. Ibrahim Khan Gardi was defeated and included in Peshwa army. The movie shows grand celebration of victory and All 3 warriors were praised by Peshwa ruler Nana Saheb. It was peak of Maratha empire, with majority area of Hindustan under Maratha empire. Sadashivrao was made Finance minister of empire. He found that many northern states were not giving their Chauths and giving new excuses. Najib Ud Daula Mir Bakshi of Mughal was one of them. Sadashivrao decided to punish him, he sent Farman to Mughal emperor to pay the taxes and remove Najib ud daula immediately. Najib makes a cunning plan to bring Ahmed Shah Abdali to defend against Marathas. Sadashivrao weds with Parvatibai. 

Three revolters including Abdali's brother Murtuza tries to kill Abdali in his court, but he single handedly kill all 3. Sulaiman-brother of Najib comes to meet Abdali and asks to make them free from Marathas and become emperor of Hindustan. Abdali was now ready to come to Hindustan second time for invasion with having army of 100000. Previously he had looted Hindustan so much and did mass killings which made the river water of Yamuna red. Dattaji Shinde-Maratha sardar killed by Najib as he went to collect taxes. Raghunath rao asked for 80000 army personnel, but Nana saheb denied.

Sadashivrao was made incharge of this battle, Vishwas Rao was made 'Senapati'. Sadashivrao vowed to his mother that Abdali wont look up on hindustan next time. Many small kingdom made alliance with Maratha to fight against Abdali. Nawab Suja Ud Daula of Awadh agreed to support, in return he will be made Wazir of Delhi. Surajmal's Chauth was exempted, so he also agreed along with Imad Ul Mulq. Raja Madhao Sinh and Vijay Sinh were with Abdali and Najib. Suja Ud Daula betrayed with Maratha and form alliance with Abdali. Both the armies were now against each other separated by Yamuna river. They were unable to make a bridge on it because of its heavy flow. So Sadashivrao decided to move towards Delhi and then cross the river. The food and other resources of their army were quickly reducing, hence they got help from Sakina begum of Hoshiyarganj.

Attock fort won by Abdali